[polaris.shopify.com] Use `MDX` to render markdown (#10214)
Shopify/polaris: polaris.shopify.com/content/components/deprecated/legacy-stack.md

    description: Use for aligning buttons or secondary content to the right edge of another element, allowing it to wrap below on small screens.
---

# {frontmatter.title}

<Lede>

This is the legacy version of the Stack component which is in the process of being updated to a more flexible and composable API. Use to lay out a horizontal row of components or to achieve no-fuss vertical centering. A stack is made of flexible items that wrap each of the stack’s children. Options provide control of the wrapping, spacing, and relative size of the items in the stack.

</Lede>

<StatusBanner status={frontmatter.status}>

>   This component is no longer supported. The new [VerticalStack
>   component](/components/layout-and-structure/vertical-stack) can be used in

Reviewer: VerticalStack was renamed to BlockStack on the `next` branch.

```suggestion
  This component is no longer supported. The new [BlockStack
  component](/components/layout-and-structure/block-stack) can be used in
```
